to be able to do this we must do
next we would go to settings
after adjustments we should go to
general
in general
we would have the keyboard options
we would move and move until we leave
to keyboard
we would have to install a keyboard
again this keyboard would be a keyboard
called
we have gene well let's look there what
we have in mojo
once we have selected it already
we would have the two keyboards activated
this keyboard would be the emoticons
we could go back and open
any application in this case we're going
to try the application
what's up and we will try to send a
emoticono by whatsapp
well we selected whatsapp
we click on him
now we would choose any the chat and
any user
and if we find out, we can see how
when we click we have that option is a balloon
earth is the earth globe what
will show us emoticons, well, since
we could type the emoticons there
we have to move and we choose
the emoticon we want well
we can press any and then already
send in that simple way
we would have our iphone with the
emoticons